# TikTok

TikTok is a mobile application ("app") owned by Chinese company ByteDance. Users can take short videos and share them publicly. It's the latest in a long like of rich-media social media.

Its Chinese ownership is of note here, because the US and [[China]] are on...tenuous terms, politically. The US is vehemently anti anything that even sniffs of socialism, while China is a socialist country. Trump has used this culture to further anti-Chinese xenophobia for reasons I'm not entirely clear on (perhaps it's nothing more than that he's just a racist asshole).

Interestingly, China isn't really an antagonistic country toward us (our relationship with them has been complex and isn't particularly _friendly_, but neither is it particularly hostile). We mutually rely on each other's trade and associated agreements. Their support for Joe Biden (the Democratic Party candidate) indicates a desire for stability and return to the old status quo from before Trump.

Also interestingly is the focus on TikTok's privacy/security issues -- and it does have several -- while also ignoring the same issues presented by American companies. Among the top being Amazon's use of the Ring system for mass surveilance and feeding their Reckognition program, which is in turn sold to police and the US government. Or the obscene amount of data Experian, Trans Union, and Equifax have on the entire US population that's not only proven to not be kept securely, but that we also have no method of opting out *and* such data is required to do things like buy a house or car. Or Facebook and Google being hell bent on collecting any and all data on people, regardless of their personal usage of either platform. Facebook already dealt with backlash from the Cambridge Analytica issue a couple of years ago.

Clearly, the message is less about citizen *privacy* and *security* and more about *who* is actually allowed to spy on American citizens.

And let's be real -- it has nothing to do with TikTok being owned by a Chinese company. That's just a convenient scapegoat. If it were, then Riot Games, AMC movie theaters, Smithfield Foods, Legendary Entertainment Group, and Motorola, among others, would also be on the chopping block.

No. It has nothing to do with China and has everything to do with the fact that _TikTok users trolled Trump_. They bruised his ego, and like he does every single time when someone or something bruises his ego, _he lashes out_.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[China]: china "China"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"