# Trump Gets Covid

[[covid-19]]

News broke on Friday, October 2nd, 2020 that Trump tested positive for Covid. By that night, it was announced that he was in the hospital.

The reports for most of the day on Saturday was that he was "doing very well," but on Saturday night, that changed after the medical professionals said his vitals are "very concerning" and the next few days are crucial.

Barely 36 hours have passed since the announcement and already there is conflicting information and the actual timeline doesn't add up. The timeline suggested by Dr. Conley's comment that Trump was "72 hours into diagnosis" puts his diagnosis at Wednesday night, not Thursday, which means he went to Thursday's debate knowing that he had Covid-19. As usual, White House officials are trying to spin it with a "clarification" that the doctor "meant to say 'day three.'"

Total, absolute, unadulterated bullshit.

Doctors don't use terms like "just 72 hours" without it being at least close to that particular timeframe. It's _literally their job_ to track that kind of thing down to the minute. 

Of course, Conley also dodged several questions that suggest the answers to said questions would indicate more issues than just a cough and sniffles.

Even more, Trump is (supposedly) still sending Tweets out, but where it gets weird is the videos from Oct 2 and Oct 3 -- particularly the latter. He's supposed to be at Walter Reed hospital, but the backdrop of the Oct 3 video doesn't appear to be consistent with the decor of the Presidential suite of the hospital. There's also no medical equipment attached to him to monitor his vitals (and no indication of any), and his hair and clothes appear to be the same from the Oct 2 video. The lack of details and very general statements about everything -- no specific names at all -- strongly suggest the video was prerecorded before he went in. Only time will tell at the moment.

Biden, of course, got tested as soon as he heard and has thus far tested negative. In isolation, that doesn't mean much, but it does provide the paper trail that demonstrates Trump did _not_ get it from him during the debate and that Biden didn't have it prior to said debate, because such preemptive evidence is needed in this day and age.

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[covid-19]: covid-19 "Covid 19"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"